Update the Skills course for Actions (#74)
skills/hello-github-actions: .github/steps/1-create-a-workflow.md

### :keyboard: Activity: Create a workflow file

1. Open a new browser tab, and navigate to this same repository. Then, work on the steps in your second tab while you read the instructions in this tab.
1. Create a pull request. This will contain all of the changes you'll make throughout this part of the course.

   Click the **Pull Requests** tab, click **New pull request**, set `base: main` and `compare:welcome-workflow`, click **Create pull request**, then click **Create pull request** again.

1. Navigate to the **Code** tab.
1. From the **main** branch dropdown, click on the **welcome-workflow** branch.
1. Navigate to the `.github/workflows/` folder, then select **Add file** and click on **Create new file**.
1. In the **Name your file** field, enter `welcome.yml`.
1. Add the following content to the `welcome.yml` file:

   ```yaml copy
   name: Post welcome comment
   on:
     pull_request:
       types: [opened]
   permissions:
     pull-requests: write
   ```

1. To commit your changes, click **Commit changes**.
1. Type a commit message, select **Commit directly to the welcome-workflow branch** and click **Commit changes**.

> 1. Wait about 20 seconds, then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). A separate Actions workflow in the repository (not the workflow you created) will run and will automatically replace this content with instructions for the next step.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should mention that this is the `README` file?

Reviewer 2: []()

> 1. Wait about 20 seconds, then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). A separate Actions workflow in the repository (not the workflow you created) will run and will automatically replace this content with instructions for the next step.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Wait about 20 seconds, then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). A separate Actions workflow in the repository (not the workflow you created) will run and will automatically replace this contents of this README file with instructions for the next step.
```
